wq
Q
w
Q
wq
W
buffer configs/mdrun.sh
buffer run.sh
wq
Q
q
Q
W
q
wq
W
w
W
q
"q
Q
wq
W
wq
W
w
q
Q
wq
W
buffer env/scripts/mdrun
buffer env/scripts/mdrun.sh
buffer configs/mdrun.sh
wq
q
wq
W
Q
wq
w
q
Q
w
W
w
align */
W
align /
align .
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
style-term-bg first-dark
q
W
q
Wq
wq
W
wq
style-term-bg first-dark
style first-dark
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
wq
W
w
W
w
align =
w
style acme
wq
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
Lw
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
buffer hash_table.h
W
style acme
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
align }
W
w
align \
W
w
W
w
W
align {
W
align \
W
w
align {
W
w
q
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
style first-dark
W
w
W
Wq
w
W
wq
Q
q
Q
q
W
w
W
buffer ../../bkhooks.c
wq
W
w
W
w
W
align \
w
man dlopen
W
w
W
align \
w
W
w
W
w
W
align =
W
w
W
man dlopen
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
align \
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
cursor-line 2745
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
style first-dark
w
style dalton
style bullet
style doug
style drift
style elly
style embark
style forest
style gruvbox
style holly
style humanoid-dark
style monokai
style moss
style mordechai
style mrjantz
style nord
style old
style river
style sammy
style skyfall
style slate
style tempus-future
style vt
style byte
style borland
style aerostar
style cubic
style first-light
style papercolor
style acme
style casey
style first-dark
W
Q
style-term-bg first-dark
style first-light
reload
style first-light
reload
style first-light
reload
W
style-term-bg first-dark
style first-dark
reload
style first-dark
reload
style first-dark
reload
style-term-bg first-dark
style first-dark
reload
style first-dark
reload
style first-dark
reload
style first-dark
style first
reload
style casey
style first-dark
reload
Reload
style first-dark
q
style first-dark
style-fir
reload
style first-dark
reload
style first-dark
Q
wq
style-term-bg first-dark
reload
W
style-term-bg first-dark
style-term-bg cubic
style-term-bg bold-dark
style-term-bg acme
style-term-bg casey
style-term-bg aerostar
style-term-bg byte
style-term-bg default
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
align =
align -
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
style-term-bg slate
w
W
w
W
align =
w
W
w
W
w
style-term-bg acme
W
style acme
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
redraw
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
align =
W
w
W
man mmap
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
Q
W
man madvise
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
man mmap
w
W
man madvise
redraw
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
echo hi
W
style-term-bg slate
style-term-bg old
style old
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
redraw
w
W
redraw
reload
q
copy-to-universal-clipboard
show-vars
vars
q
echo hi
quit
Q
wq
style-term-bg first-dark
reload
W
style-term-bg first-dark
style-term-bg cubic
style-term-bg bold-dark
style-term-bg acme
style-term-bg casey
style-term-bg aerostar
style-term-bg byte
style-term-bg default
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
align =
align -
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
style-term-bg slate
w
W
w
W
align =
w
W
w
W
w
style-term-bg acme
W
style acme
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
redraw
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
align =
W
w
W
man mmap
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
Q
W
man madvise
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
man mmap
w
W
man madvise
redraw
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
echo hi
W
style-term-bg slate
style-term-bg old
style old
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
redraw
w
W
redraw
reload
q
copy-to-universal-clipboard
show-vars
vars
q
echo hi
quit
Q
wq
style-term-bg first-dark
reload
W
style-term-bg first-dark
style-term-bg cubic
style-term-bg bold-dark
style-term-bg acme
style-term-bg casey
style-term-bg aerostar
style-term-bg byte
style-term-bg default
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
align =
align -
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
style-term-bg slate
w
W
w
W
align =
w
W
w
W
w
style-term-bg acme
W
style acme
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
redraw
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
align =
W
w
W
man mmap
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
Q
W
man madvise
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
man mmap
w
W
man madvise
redraw
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
echo hi
W
style-term-bg slate
style-term-bg old
style old
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
redraw
w
W
redraw
reload
q
copy-to-universal-clipboard
show-vars
vars
q
echo hi
quit
q
style first-dark
style-fir
reload
style first-dark
reload
style first-dark
Q
wq
style-term-bg first-dark
reload
W
style-term-bg first-dark
style-term-bg cubic
style-term-bg bold-dark
style-term-bg acme
style-term-bg casey
style-term-bg aerostar
style-term-bg byte
style-term-bg default
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
align =
align -
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
style-term-bg slate
w
W
w
W
align =
w
W
w
W
w
style-term-bg acme
W
style acme
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
redraw
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
align =
W
w
W
man mmap
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
Q
W
man madvise
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
w
W
